gh-98713: Use `@cpython_only` for a test that fails on PyPy (#98714)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Tests/2022-10-26-15-19-20.gh-issue-98713.Lnu32R.rst

> Fix a bug in test suite when cpython-specific implementation details were
> not covered by ``@cpython_only`` and were not skipped on other
> implementations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix a bug in the :mod:`typing` tests where a test relying on CPython-specific
implementation details was not decorated with ``@cpython_only`` and was not
skipped on other implementations.
```
